WHAT DOES IT DO
===============

Check CPUs, fans, array controllers, logical / physical drives, temperature and
power supplies on your Proliant servers or blade systems through SNMP.

The plugin uses Compaq/HPs Insight Manager SNMP Agents installed on either
Windows or Linux machines to check CPUs, fans, array controllers, logical /
physical drives, temperature and power supplies on your Proliant servers or
blade systems. 

Compaq MIBs are included in the attached archive. The new version 2 is a
complete rewrite in Perl and only uses the OID-Trees, so you don't need to add
the Compaq MIBs to your local configuration. 

Please do not misread the "-d" parameter as i guess jleonard78 did. The "-d"
parameter stands for "DEBUG" and is not intended for production use inside
Nagios! check_hp will give you information about which object failed if there
is any.


USAGE
=====

Make sure you have all REQUIREMENTS in place (see below), then simply run
"./check_hp --help" for more details.


REQUIREMENTS
============

Please update the 'lib' path at the top of check_hp to fit your distribution.
check_hp needs to locate the utils.pm library that comes with nagios-plugins.

You will need the Net::SNMP package as well. In most distributions this is
available as a package named "libsnmp-perl" - so make sure to install it if you
stumble accross an error starting with "Can't locate Net/SNMP.pm in @INC [...]".

Please pay attention to include at least one parameter in the nagios/icinga
configuration or you may stumble over an "**ePN" error complaining about using
an uninitialized value $opt. This could be due to a know issue, for more details
see:

  http://tracker.nagios.org/view.php?id=88

You do not need anything else from this package other than "check_hp" script
itself. The MIBs folder is purely for your information.


OUTPUT
======

Please do not misread the "-d" parameter, which stands for "DEBUG" and is not
intended for production use! check_hp will output information about which
object failed if there is any:

Compaq/HP Agent Check: cpqDaCntlrCondition (0:degraded) cpqDaLogDrvStatus (0.1:
recovering) cpqDaLogDrvCondition (0.1:degraded) cpqDaPhyDrvStatus (0.0:failed)
cpqDaPhyDrvCondition (0.0:failed)


==
$Id: README 50 2013-08-26 07:37:02Z gunny $
